W-13886648 RPA Manager release notes 2023-08/1 (#243)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[august-4-2023]]
== August 4, 2023

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | Invokable processes no longer fail when the option *Run in secure session > as this user* in the *Execution* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Invokable processes no longer fail to execute when the *Run in secure session > as this user* configuration in the *Execution* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254
```

> | Invokable processes no longer fail when the option *_Run in secure session / as this user_* in the *_Execution_* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Invokable processes no longer fail when the option *_Run in secure session > as this user_* in the *_Execution_* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254
```

> | Invokable processes no longer fail when the option *_Run in secure session > as this user_* in the *_Execution_* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Invokable processes no longer fail when the option *Run in secure session > as this user* in the *Execution* tab links to a credential in the credential pool. | W-13871254
```

> | Long process names are shortened in the dialog to show the whole description of a process. | W-13843102

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Long process names no longer span outside the window when you click on *more* in a process card to see the complete description of the process. | W-13843102
```
